README.md, before:

# NFT Rental Marketplace

The app was created with the [ethereum-fullstack](https://github.com/dappcamp/ethereum-fullstack-template) template.

## Quick Start

1. Switching to test network (RINKEBY) (Optional)

   - Please skip this step if you want to use local network
   - Change line - `const NETWORK = LOCAL_NETWORK` to `const NETWORK = TEST_NETWORK` in `hardhat.config.js`
   - Replace `YOUR_ALCHEMY_API_KEY` with your api key from alchemy in `.env` file
   - Replace `YOUR_WALLET_PRIVATE_KEY` with your wallet's private key from metamask wallet in `.env` file

1. Running test for sample contract

   ```bash
   npx hardhat test
   ```

## Running your app locally

1. Start your react frontend

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

2. Start a hardhat node

   ```bash
   npx hardhat node
   ```

3. Deploy the contract locally

   ```bash
   npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.js --network localhost
   ```

4. Connect hardhat node to Metamask

   Open Metamask > Select the network dropdown from the top left > Select `Custom RPC` and enter the following details:

   - Network Name: `<Enter a name for the network>`
   - New RPC URL: `http://127.0.0.1:8545`
   - Chain ID: `31337`

   Click save. You can use this network to connect to the local hardhat node.

5. Connect your local hardhat account to Metamask for making transactions
   - After running `npx hardhat node` you will see a list of 20 addresses logged in the terminal
   - To configure an account copy its private key from the terminal (i.e the text after `Private Key:`)
   - Open Metamask > Click the account icon on top right > Import Account > Paste the private key you just copied > click Import
   - You should now have the account connected with 10000 ETH

## What’s Included?

Your environment will have following set up:

- A sample frontend: Sample application which uses [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) along with its test.
- [Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/): An Ethereum development task runner and testing network.
- [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/): A JavaScript test runner.
- [Chai](https://www.chaijs.com/): A JavaScript assertion library.
- [ethers.js](https://docs.ethers.io/ethers.js/html/): A JavaScript library for interacting with Ethereum.
- [Waffle](https://github.com/EthWorks/Waffle/): To have Ethereum-specific Chai assertions/mathers.

## Trouble Shooting

- `Error HH8: There's one or more errors in your config file` error: If you get this error try setting up your `YOUR_ALCHEMY_API_KEY` and `YOUR_WALLET_PRIVATE_KEY` in .env file

Commit message:

Add read me and also update to latest rinkeby

README.md, after:

# NFT Rental Marketplace

The app was created with the [ethereum-fullstack](https://github.com/dappcamp/ethereum-fullstack-template) template.

## Quick Start

1. Switching to test network (RINKEBY) (Optional)

   - Please skip this step if you want to use local network
   - Change line - `const NETWORK = LOCAL_NETWORK` to `const NETWORK = TEST_NETWORK` in `hardhat.config.js`
   - Replace `YOUR_ALCHEMY_API_KEY` with your api key from alchemy in `.env` file
   - Replace `YOUR_WALLET_PRIVATE_KEY` with your wallet's private key from metamask wallet in `.env` file

1. Running test for sample contract

   ```bash
   npx hardhat test
   ```

## Running your app locally

1. Start your react frontend

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

2. Start a hardhat node

   ```bash
   npx hardhat node
   ```

3. Deploy the contract locally

   ```bash
   npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.js --network localhost
   ```

4. Connect hardhat node to Metamask

   Open Metamask > Select the network dropdown from the top left > Select `Custom RPC` and enter the following details:

   - Network Name: `<Enter a name for the network>`
   - New RPC URL: `http://127.0.0.1:8545`
   - Chain ID: `31337`

   Click save. You can use this network to connect to the local hardhat node.

5. Connect your local hardhat account to Metamask for making transactions
   - After running `npx hardhat node` you will see a list of 20 addresses logged in the terminal
   - To configure an account copy its private key from the terminal (i.e the text after `Private Key:`)
   - Open Metamask > Click the account icon on top right > Import Account > Paste the private key you just copied > click Import
   - You should now have the account connected with 10000 ETH

## Rinkeby Deploying Through Remix
Go to Remix and select localhost as a workspace. This way you can have the updated code in Remix.

1. Uninstall remixd. We want version **0.5.5**

   ```
   npm uninstall -g remixd
   ```

2. Start a hardhat node

   ```
   npm install -g @remix-project/remixd
   ```
3. Start remixd dameon in the background

   ```
   remixd -s <absolute-path-to-the-shared-folder> --remix-ide <your-remix-ide-URL-instance>
   ```
4. Now go to Remix and you can deploy Kasu contract
5. Go to https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/ to check out contract creation


## What’s Included?

Your environment will have following set up:

- A sample frontend: Sample application which uses [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) along with its test.
- [Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/): An Ethereum development task runner and testing network.
- [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/): A JavaScript test runner.
- [Chai](https://www.chaijs.com/): A JavaScript assertion library.
- [ethers.js](https://docs.ethers.io/ethers.js/html/): A JavaScript library for interacting with Ethereum.
- [Waffle](https://github.com/EthWorks/Waffle/): To have Ethereum-specific Chai assertions/mathers.

## Trouble Shooting

- `Error HH8: There's one or more errors in your config file` error: If you get this error try setting up your `YOUR_ALCHEMY_API_KEY` and `YOUR_WALLET_PRIVATE_KEY` in .env file
